feat: use pytest for testing (#6)
freeCodeCamp/boilerplate-arithmetic-formatter: README.md

Write your code in `arithmetic_arranger.py`. For development, you can use `main.py` to test your `arithmetic_arranger()` function. Click the "run" button and `main.py` will run.

### Testing

> The unit tests for this project are in `test_module.py`. We are running the tests from `test_module.py` in `main.py` for your convenience. The tests will run automatically whenever you hit the "run" button. Alternatively you may run tests with `pytest` in console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unit tests for this project are in `test_module.py`. We are running the tests from `test_module.py` in `main.py` for your convenience. The tests will run automatically whenever you hit the "run" button. Alternatively you may run the tests by inputting `pytest` in the console.
```
